DEVX-1895: microsvcs: ccloud demo introduction (#702)
confluentinc/examples: microservices-orders/docs/index.rst

* JDBC source connector: reads from a sqlite database that has a table of customers information and writes the data to a Kafka topic, using Connect transforms to add a key to each message
* Elasticsearch sink connector: pushes data from a Kafka topic to Elasticsearch

> * |ksqldb|: another variant of a fraud detection microservice

Reviewer: @rspurgeon not your error (mine) but could you fix the line above:

`It is build on the |cp|, including:` to `It is built on the |cp|, including:`

Docker:

* Docker version >= 19.00.0
* Docker Compose version >= 1.25.0 with Docker Compose file format 3
* In Docker's advanced `settings <https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/#advanced>`__, increase the memory dedicated to Docker to at least 8GB (default is 2GB)

|ccloud|:

* Docker version >= 19.00.0
* Docker Compose version >= 1.25.0 with Docker Compose file format 3
* In Docker's advanced `settings <https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/#advanced>`__, increase the memory dedicated to Docker to at least 8GB (default is 2GB)
* |ccloud| account. The `Confluent Cloud <https://www.confluent.io/confluent-cloud/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=demo&utm_campaign=ch.examples_type.community_content.microservices-orders?>`__ home page can help you get setup with your own account if you do not yet have access.
* |ccloud| CLI. See :ref:`Install and Configure the Confluent Cloud CLI <cloud-cli-install>`.

> 

Reviewer: @rspurgeon please decide on best placement for this, but include this please https://github.com/confluentinc/examples/blob/5.5.1-post/ccloud/docs/includes/ccloud-promo-code.rst (you can reference it as an `include` directive)

Author: Added

        docker-compose up -d --build

>    * If you are running on |ccloud|, first log in to |ccloud| with the command ``ccloud login``, and use your |ccloud| username and password. To prevent being logged out, use the ``--save`` argument which saves your |ccloud| user login credentials or refresh token (in the case of SSO) to the local ``netrc`` file. Then run the full solution (this starts a new |ccloud| based cluster using the :devx-examples:`ccloud stack library|ccloud/ccloud-stack/README.md` of this repository).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * If you are running on |ccloud|, first log in to |ccloud| with the command ``ccloud login``, and use your |ccloud| username and password. To prevent being logged out, use the ``--save`` argument which saves your |ccloud| user login credentials or refresh token (in the case of SSO) to the local ``netrc`` file. Then run the full solution (this starts a new |ccloud| environment and Kafka cluster using the :devx-examples:`ccloud stack library|ccloud/ccloud-stack/README.md` of this repository).
```

Author: Addressed

>    * If you are running on |ccloud|, first log in to |ccloud| with the command ``ccloud login``, and use your |ccloud| username and password. To prevent being logged out, use the ``--save`` argument which saves your |ccloud| user login credentials or refresh token (in the case of SSO) to the local ``netrc`` file. Then run the full solution (this starts a new |ccloud| based cluster using the :devx-examples:`ccloud stack library|ccloud/ccloud-stack/README.md` of this repository).

Reviewer: @rspurgeon In `Start the demo` above, perhaps add verbiage that tells the user to choose ONE of the three ways, otherwise some will do all THREE.

Author: Added dialog
